Category: road_to_devcon

JOURNEY
Hey there, I'm Deva, the Devcon unicorn. Since the dawn of Devcon I have been a guiding light to the wonderstruck wanderers of Ethereum's vast universe, supporting them to find their tribe and community.: And now, the Road to Devcon calls again, inviting a diverse array of mavericks, just like you. Why Devcon is for You: Devcon is the Ethereum conference for developers, thinkers, and makers. You’ll meet the smartest and kindest people in the Ethereum ecosystem IRL, and gain insight into a unique culture that is challenging to fully understand just online. At Devcon, we explore Ethereum together through fiery dialogues, workshops, and peer-to-peer interactions. It’s where you are welcomed by a tribe that nurtures your growth, and where you build new relationships and networks. What is the Road to Devcon?: The Road to Devcon (RTD) is a series of Ethereum events and educational initiatives leading up to Devcon, organized by the active local communities in Southeast Asia. Explorers like you are shaping the road together, diving into workshops and talks, empowered by Ethereum’s promises and the motivation to bring this innovation to local communities, creating opportunities to learn and connect. Become a leader: Organize an event or start a community: If you're in SEA, community-driven, and passionate about Ethereum's positive impact, we're here to support you! This is your call to adventure, to be part of something bigger, something wilder. Imagine organizing events within your community to showcase Ethereum, or starting a new grassroots community through meetups and other educational initiatives focused on Ethereum. If a fire is ignited within you, now is the time to apply for the RTD grants and be a part of building our empowered, decentralized future. 🦄✨

EVENTS_TABLE
The Road to Devcon (RTD) is a series of Ethereum events and educational initiatives leading up to Devcon, organized by the local communities in and near Southeast Asia.